I am asking for medical care and treatment at this facility and agree to accept services which may diagnose my
medical condition, procedures to treat my condition and medical care.
I understand that my agreement to accept these services is called General Consent and that it includes any
routine assessment, procedure(s) or treatment(s) such as blood drawing, physical examination, administration
of medication(s), diagnostic procedure(s), use of local anesthesia and other non-invasive procedures.
I do acknowledge that different declarations (Informed consents) may be needed for some specific diagnostic
and surgical procedures.
I understand that these services will be provided to me by physicians, nurses, physician assistants, and other
health care providers, as registered and privileged by Law, and Novomed governance framework.
I further acknowledge that the results of medical treatments and surgical procedures may not be predictable
and that my signature on any informed consent form acknowledges my understanding, and comprehension
that neither NOVOMED nor the attending medical team may be able to give any guarantee or confirmation of
outcomes.
All medical information is held in the strictest confidence. Nothing will be disclosed to any person (s) without
my written consent. If under insurance, I authorize NOVOMED to disclose to my insurance company or
Regulatory Health Authority that may be liable all or part of NOVOMED charges, all, or part of my medical
records if necessary to process payments for the health care services provided. I understand that as a courtesy
to me, NOVOMED will file an insurance claim with my insurance company but that I am financially responsible
for all charges not covered by the insurance company as per the UAE laws and regulations.
I also authorize NOVOMED to utilize my medical information, or to release all or part of my medical information
to other health care providers consulted by my physician or NOVOMED, as may be necessary.
I assume full responsibility for all items of individual property, valuables, and other personal items.
I have understood NOVOMED patient's rights & responsibilities.
I understand that my agreement to accept all these services will remain in effect unless I say that I no longer
want these services or until my treatment is completed.
I authorize Novomed Centers to release my medical information to me directly or via my registered email
address or through the mobile application.I understand that I may revoke this authorization at any time by
written notification to Novomed Centers following this date, except for the information that may have been
released prior to the revocation.
"I agree that healthcare provider(s) involved in my care at this facility will access my health information
through the Health Information Exchange System (NABIDH) in accordance with the Laws of the United
Arab Emirates, Emirate of Dubai Legislation and Dubai Health Authority Policies ".
In case of Emergency, I agreed to be transferred to the closest equipped Facility.